# Product Requirements Document
Name: HAOYU LI

Product Name: Online Music Platform

## Background
Spotify, Youtube and Apple music are the largest music platforms in the market. None of them have formed a community on their own platforms. A new online music platform with more social functions will be easier to generate user stickiness and increase new users

## Project Overview
The new platform will have powerful playlist creation and sharing functions. It should also implement a better recommendation system and display the information of the leaderboard more optimally. And increase the function of listening to a piece of music to identify songs. Finally, the platform should also include some local and internet radio stations. On the other hand, for personal music, the platform also provides the function of uploading your own music and pricing it yourself. The platform should also include sales of concert tickets and related merchandise. These features are designed to help connect specific user groups to the platform

## Features
1. **Feature:**
 As a traveler,
 I want to know the name of the music on the car,
 so that I can use music recognition on my phone.
2. **Feature:**
 As a fans listening to music, 
 I want to want to buy concert tickets for this artist,
 so that I can directly click on an option to enter the ticket interface to search for this artist.
3. **Feature:**
 As a independent music artists,
 I want to more people can hear my music,
 so that I uploaded my music to the platform.
4. **Feature:**
 As a truck driver,
 I want to Listen to some new music in the same style as usual,
 so that I click on the smart music list based on the data of the music I usually listen to
5. **Feature:**
 As a game media,
 I want to upload my radio show,
 so that I uploaded to the platform to make it easier for my fans to listen to the radio
6. **Feature:**
 As a video maker
 I want to use a music,
 so that I can download music directly on the platform to the local in the file type I want
7. **Feature:**
 As a student
 I want to another person to know about the music I like,
 so that I just need to make the link and share in my music library
8. **Feature:**
 As a musician fan
 I want share my feelings with other fans,
 so that I can comment on music for others to see


## Technologies to be used
Objective-C will be developed for Mac and IOS, and Java will be developed for mobile phones under the Android framework. For the windows platform, you can choose to use better transplanted java first and then improve it to C++/C that is more suitable for Windows API. Amazon Cloud can reduce server costs at a lower scale, but once it has a larger user base it should. We will use the relational database management system of MySQ, which will include SQL language, DDL, DML, DQL, DCL.  
